---
layout: default
title: A day in Milan, a night in Venice
subtitle: Or, welcome to jet lag
---

We landed in Milan this "morning" around 7:30 am.  And by morning, I
mean a mere seven hours after taking off from JFK -- i.e., 1:30 am in
New York.  The three hour nap doesn't quite cut it for a full night's
rest, though we did actually make it through a couple of sights.

After getting out of customs and immigration, we took a train in from
MXP to Milano Cor???.  Having grabbed a couple of maps at the airport,
we knew there was some sort of park just north of the station.  It
turns out sometimes just wandering around does pay off: we managed to
stumble into the common grounds of a castle (Castello ???) and spent
the next hour or so exploring.

From the castle, we went down to the Duomo.  It was beautiful, though
unfortunately the exterior was marred by scaffolding and
advertisements.  We also walked through the San Marco church.  We
didn't really know where to go, or what to see, so we slowly worked
our way up toward the train station to Venice.  We did stop for a nice
lunch at La Cabrera.  Managed to get there right before the rush.

Now we're on a train to Venice.  Actually, we're almost there.  The
two hours were somewhat puncuated by stops, but at least we all got a
nap in.  Now let's see what a night in Venice holds!

----

Part 2: Venice
---

We arrived in Venice and found the hostel.  We realized that we should
try to print out our train tickets to Vienna, only to find out that
1. We wouldn't be able to print out tickets booked through a different
company, and 2. we really, really needed Internet to be able to figure
out how to fix it.  The person at the front desk of the hostel was
helpful: she directed us to a place to get some food and wi-fi, and we
eventually decided to have them print out the tickets.  Note to future
self, save the trouble and just print tickets out ahead of time.
Unless you're booking through the company you're leaving from, you're
not going to be able to print tickets.

Side note, we also discovered that the power strip we brought with us
draws enough power to trip the circuit breaker.  Not the best thing to
learn ten minutes after getting into the room.

After the mess with the train ticket was sorted out, and our pizza and
gelato was eaten, we wandered down a street looking through the shops.
Night time in Venice is a bit odd when half the stores are closed, but
the lights on the canal are still pretty cool.  Also, apparently (or
supposedly) we are allowed to bring alcohol as we walk -- we learned
this when a street vendor offered some shots of cocktails and we left
with a hot sangria.
